Welcome back.
Let's talk about yes 9 or yes.
Twenty eighteen there are three main new features that you should be aware of for this version of Back
must script the first one is the object spread operator and it looks something like this if we had an
object let's say animals and this animal's object has a tiger that has age of twenty three I don't know
how old Tigers get let's say twenty three we have a lion that is five.
Sure I add the commas
and let's say a monkey that is two there's a cute little monkey with the new object spread operator
let's say I d structure here and say I'll take out Tiger and I can do.
Dot dot dot and I can call it whatever I want here let's say let's call it arrest equals to animals
well what's going to happen here is I'm going to grab Tiger and the rest is going to include lion and
monkey.
Let's have a look.
I'm going to copy this paste it on here though and I have to refresh.
Let's try that again.
Now if I grab Tiger I see that Tiger is twenty three but if I grab a rest I see that rest now includes
lion and monkey and this is something that we were able to do with a race in yes six in E6 I could have
done an array that had 1 2 3 4 5
and let's say we had a function that we call some that takes a b c d and let's say E and simply returns
a plus b plus c plus D plus E
Well if I copy this here paste it I could have done some dot dot dot array which as we can see here
gives us the answer.
Fifteen I was able to spread the arrays over these parameters so that it was the same thing I was doing.
One two three four five
and this new feature of objects spread operator just means we're able to do this with an object as well
so that in the same manner if we had a function let's call it object spread that has let's say parameter
one parameter to parameter 3 and let's say we'll console log p 1
P2 and P3
if I run this function saying object spread and let's bring this down here
and we'll give it Tiger rest and actually let's add one more here let's add bird that is forty that's
an old bird and we'll take out line here.
So if I do tiger lion rest here and I run this function let's see what happens press center Well I've
got a refreshes so that it sees the variables as new variables and there we go.
We have twenty three which is the Tiger that is p 1 then we have the 5 which is the lion and then monkey
and bird as the second or the third parameter and I know what you're thinking.
You're saying Andre I'm pretty sure we're able to do this in the react section of the course.
And if you've caught onto that good job in react when we're building our robo friends app we're able
to do this especially in redux where we learned about producers and if you don't remember it or you
haven't watched that section don't worry about it and the reason that this worked and react was that
create react app.
Remember the tool that we use to build our ReACT application was using objects spread operator by default
even though it wasn't officially part of JavaScript because it was so useful.
But now that it's part of JavaScript officially as of yes 2018 you can use it freely.